Web Applications:

Desktop Apps: The apps which are running directly on OS 
	      First we need to install them

Mobile Apps

Web Apps: Doesn't need to be installed  

Client-> Device/browser 
Server-> machine similar to pc/laptop
	Server has RAM, CPU, Storage units 


Frontend: UI 
HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap , React 

HTML: Hyper Text Markup Language
      HTML is used to create a layout of web app, HTML is used to display content on the web page

CSS: Cascading Style Sheet: styling of web page, beautification

JS: is for client side scripting 
     Form validation, animations, arithmetic operations, popups 

Every browser has a JS Engine (interpreter)
v8 Engine
Spider monkey

Bootstrap: responsive 

React: Is a library to develop frontend of web app


      
Backend: Operations + Database 

Operations: JS, Node JS, Express JS
Database: MySQL, MongoDB


Node JS: is not a lang, not a library
It is runtime environment for JS 

MERN Stack
MEAN Stack


Client & Server technical aspects:

Note: These technical aspects are same for all the clients and server regardless of the tech used

Analogy for request:
1. Client sends request to server:
   TO send request we need url(end-point) of the server 


2. Method of the request: (Purpose of the request)
	is it for getting the data from server, saving data on the server, deleting data, updating data 
   
   GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH


Analogy for the response/Server:

1. Server will accept the request 
2. It will start the processing 
3. Server will generate the response

   We have certain properties associated with the response:
   1. Response Data-> Array, string, page 
   2. Response Status -> Status code is always a numeric value and will have a message associated with it
	200 201 202 203 ... 299 -> Success event from server 
        300 301 302 ... 399 -> Redirection 
	400 401 402 ... 499 -> Error due to client mistake 
	500 501 502 ... 599 -> Error due to server mistake 
























